weaponsection "DehackedDefense"

addslotdefault 1 DEHFist
addslotdefault 1 DEHChainsaw
addslotdefault 2 DEHPistol
addslotdefault 3 DEHShotgun
addslotdefault 3 DEHSuperShotgun
addslotdefault 4 DEHChaingun
addslotdefault 5 DEHRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 6 DEHPlasmaRifle
addslotdefault 7 DEHBFG9000

addslotdefault 1 StrainDoubleFist
addslotdefault 2 StrainPistol
addslotdefault 3 StrainSawedOff
addslotdefault 6 StrainNFG
addslotdefault 7 StrainPsychicBlaster

addslotdefault 1 DV2Gauntlets
addslotdefault 2 DV2DualPistols

addslotdefault 2 ValiantPistol
addslotdefault 4 ValiantChaingun

addslotdefault 2 MaskimXulDualPistols
addslotdefault 5 MaskimXulHandOfAfrit
addslotdefault 6 MaskimXulJackBombs
addslotdefault 7 MaskimXulGrimoireExcidium

addslotdefault 1 StruggleHammer
addslotdefault 1 StruggleDrillMachine
addslotdefault 2 StrugglePistol
addslotdefault 3 StruggleShotgun
addslotdefault 3 StruggleSuperShotgun
addslotdefault 4 StruggleDualPistols
addslotdefault 5 StruggleGrenadeLauncher
addslotdefault 6 StruggleAssaultRifle
addslotdefault 7 StruggleLeichenfaust

addslotdefault 1 ReliquaryFist
addslotdefault 1 ReliquaryChainsaw
addslotdefault 2 ReliquaryMachinegun
addslotdefault 3 ReliquaryShotgun
addslotdefault 3 ReliquarySuperShotgun
addslotdefault 4 ReliquaryChaingun
addslotdefault 5 ReliquaryRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 6 ReliquaryPlasmaRifle
addslotdefault 7 ReliquaryBFG9000

clearplayerclasses
addplayerclass JohnDoom
addplayerclass JohnStrain
addplayerclass JohnDeusVultII
addplayerclass JohnValiant
addplayerclass JohnMaskimXul
addplayerclass JohnStruggle
addplayerclass JohnReliquary